# Create
[#ulr1631294289262]: #ulr1631294289262

To create an account, fill out **General** and **Additional Options** tabs, review the information and select **Create**.

**Note:** You can add a section after a paragraph. You can mistakenly paste a section before a paragraph, but you will not be able to release the topic.

paste, but not a paragraph after sections.

This section looks at using subscript and superscript. Here is a test of the circumflex ^ mark around content to create a superscript. Pandoc supports this way of rendering superscript. LwDITA supports ^^tm^^, but current markdown output does not.

The passthru data element ^TM^ is equivalent to using a CDATA tag around the content, ^TM^. In XML, CDATA is character data that is not serialized according to output rules, but rendered as is. Using CDATA with TM does not escape the pre-release validation error of topic. The passthru data element ~footnote~ and the CDATA Version ~footnote~.

LwDITA and Pandoc also support subscripted inline text ~~footnote~~ using the tilde ~ character. Let's try using the passthru data element. ~footnote~. Read about ~my-subscript~.

Viewed in Oxygen developer, XDITA tab, the error message for both is "No renderer configured for com.vladsch.flexmark.superscript.Superscript". This Java class library is installed with the org.lwdita default DITA-OT plugin.

An alternative is use of Unicode character for copyright, registered and regular trademark. ISO Schematron and Teradata Schematron rules flag using the actual TM charcter as a DITA validation failure. Teradata(tm) Vantage. ®Oracle® corporation. All rights reserved, ©Teradata, Inc.©

In the second section, a test of internal cross-references to merged content.

1.  "Queries" topic has filename sox1631294316092.dita. The topicref for this topic uses @chunk=to-content. This means that the next two topics have markdown output generated as one file.

    If the topic "Queries" had included content from "Current" and "Completed", the resulting output would be the same as three separate topics, with chunking applied to top level topic.

    The difference in the output: .

    -   Heading levels. Levels increment by one for a child topic, by two for a grandchild topic, and so on.

    -   Internal cross-references targets: with merged content, the target is generalized to the topic body; with separate topics, the target can be defined to a specific element in the topic.

    From the spec:

    The "to-content" token indicates that the selection should be rendered as a new chunk of content.

    When specified on a topicref or topicref specialization, this means that the topics selected by this topicref and its children will be rendered as a single chunk of content.

    When specified on the map element, this indicates that the contents of all topics referenced by the map are to be rendered as a single document.

    For cross references to topicref elements, if the value of the chunk attribute is "to-content" or is unspecified, the cross reference is treated as a reference to the target topic.

1.  "Current" topic has filename opy1631294340170.dita. The topic has two elements with id: [note](sox1631294316092.md#note_N1003A_N10026_N10001) id="note_N1003A_N10026_N10001", [section](sox1631294316092.md#section_N1004D_N10026_N10001) id="section_N1004D_N10026_N10001".

1.  "Completed" topic has filename bbn1631294364467.dita. The topic has two elements with id: [note](sox1631294316092.md#note_N10035_N10025_N10001) @id="note_N10035_N10025_N10001", [section](sox1631294316092.md#section_N10047_N10025_N10001) id="section_N10047_N10025_N10001".


