When using an identity provider, you can map groups of users to roles. Roles define privileges for groups of users with similar needs, rather than granting privileges to individual users.

The following roles are pre-defined and available in the system:

|Teradata role name|Description|
|-------------------|------------|
|Org admin|Full administrative access across the entire organization.|
|Site admin|Manage specific environment (dev/test/prod), focus on infrastructure.|
|Security admin|Security, compliance, and audit oversight.|
|Data curator|Data governance, quality, and curatorship.|
|Data user|Application developers, data engineers building solutions.|

If no roles are mapped then, view-only access to the Console is available to the users logged in. When you are mapping roles to groups and before enabling SCIM, you can type and search for group names.

**Create custom role**

1.  Click **Add role**.


1.  Enter a description of the role.


1.  You can also select an existing role from the dropdown as a template for the new role.


1.  Search and select desired services from the list and select to assign associated privileges to the new role.


1.  Click **Create**.


**Assign site and group to a role**

**Note**: You must enable automatic user provisioning to add groups from your identity provider to the new or existing roles.

1.  Select the menu (kabob icon), click **Assign site and group**, and select a site from the dropdown.


1.  Enter the group name and add it.


1.  Enter the compute engine (if opted) name and add it.


1.  Click **Add site and group assignment** to assign multiple sites.


1.  Click **Save**.


1.  To delete a site and group assignment, select the menu (kabob icon), click **Delete site and group assignment**.


**Edit existing roles**

1.  You can edit an existing role to add or remove privileges. Select the menu (kabob icon) and click **Edit privileges**.


1.  To delete an existing role, click **Delete**.


1.  To assign site and group, click **Assign site and group**.


