An identity provider stores, secures, and authenticates user identities. With Teradata’s **Identity** feature, you can control which users have access specific sites. To enable this feature, contact [https://support.teradata.com](https://support.teradata.com).

**Important**: If you already connected your identity provider to VantageCloud Enterprise, then:

1.  Login to your Vantage Enterprise Console.


1.  Go to **Access Control** > **Identity providers** and search your identity provider name.


1.  Search for your Identity provider name and select the menu (kabob icon).


1.  Click **Enable brokering**.


1.  In the Enable identity brokering dialog box, click **Enable**.


1.  In the Edit identity provider details screen, confirm your details for authentication requests and groups assigned to your sites.


1.  Click **Save**.


If you are setting up VantageCloud Enterprise for the first time with Global Identity enabled, then follow the setup wizard.

**Set up single sign-on for your organization**

**Prerequisites:**

-   Company and provider **Information**, including the provider name and the sites you want to use with the provider.


-   An authentication protocol. Teradata currently supports both **OIDC** and **SAML**. However, Teradata supports SAML only up to VantageCloud Enterprise 3.2. Starting VantageCloud Enterprise 3.3, you cannot add a new SAML site. Teradata does not support SAML with Global Identity.


-   Map identity provider **Claims** to Vantage fields so Vantage can identify users.


-   Map identity provider groups to Vantage **Roles** to define privileges and access.


Roles grant privileges on objects, such as tables or applications, to groups of users with similar needs. This approach avoids assigning privileges to individual users.

With an identity provider, you can organize users into groups. Assigning these groups to roles gives them site privileges. Roles are pre-defined in the database.

**Gather your identity provider information**

Before you begin, gather this information from your identity provider:

-   Client ID


-   Client secret


**Tip:** Keeping a second browser window open with your identity provider information can help you save time.

**Add your identity provider**

To add an identity provider:

1.  Select **Add identity provider** in the **Identity providers** screen.


1.  Create a name for the identity provider.


1.  Enter the email domain for your identity provider.


1.  Add the site IDs for the sites you want to use the IdP.

    Enter multiple sites using a comma-separated list.

    **Note:** If you do not select any site, the IDP and group assignments apply to all sites in your system.


1.  Enter **Client ID**, and **Client secret** provided by your Identity provider.


1.  Select **OpenID** as the authentication protocol.

    -   Enter the **Provider URL**, which is the address where Vantage sends authorization requests. After entering the URL, Vantage creates a redirect URL that you must copy to your identity provider’s configuration page.


    -   In the **OIDC settings > Scopes** section, enter the OIDC-specific values supported by your provider. Enter multiple values separated with a space such as 
    `
    OpenID profile email phone
    `
  .

        **Note**: VantageCloud Enterprise fully supports SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language). However, several advanced Global Identity capabilities require OIDC (OpenID Connect). You cannot use SAML for Compute Engine. If you plan to use Compute Engine in alignment with Global IdP, then you must configure an OIDC identity provider. See [SAML Limitations](jul1773264295095.md) for more details.


1.  In the **Claims** section, enter the attributes that represent user data sent by your identity provider for Vantage to identify users.

    In the **Subject** field, enter:

    -   
    `
    Sub
    `
   for OIDC

    Map the remaining values to the corresponding Vantage fields, such as user_name, name, first_name, last_name, email, and groups.


1.  Select **Save**.


After configuring the identity provider, log out of the console and log back in using the SSO which redirects to your IDP for authentication.

**Associate user groups with specific sites**

Assign specific Identity provider groups to your Teradata sites. Enter the name of the group/groups to assign access to a specific site of your choice. You can assign multiple groups. You can remove assigned groups. If you do not assign any group, all users in your IdP can access your site.

**Define the organization administrator**

Select a group of users as organizations administrators of all your sites. Click **Next**.

**Note**: These assigned users have Org Admin privileges across all your VantageCloud Enterprise sites. Creating organization administrators is a one-time Day Zero setup step, it maps the selected IdP group to the Org Admin role. The group name must match the IdP. It is critical to define and configure this role correctly.

**Editing Identity provider details**

1.  To edit or delete an existing identity provider, select the menu (kabob icon) and select either **Details** or **Delete**.


1.  You can edit or update your IdP **name** and **email domain**, **IdP URL**, **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and all the fields under **Claims** section.


1.  Click **Next** to go to the **Edit group assignments** screen. You can assign groups or remove assigned groups for your site.


1.  Click **Save** to save changes.


