<html><head></head><body id="dnu1525120027548"><h1 class="title topictitle1" id="ariaid-title1">Nondeterministic Results and UniqueID Syntax Element</h1><div class="body refbody"><div class="section" id="dnu1525120027548__section_N10011_N1000E_N10001"><div class="p">Some <span><b>ML Engine</b></span> functions are nondeterministic; that is, repeated runs using the same input tables and syntax element values might produce different results. Nondeterministic results can occur for the following reasons:
<ul class="ul" id="dnu1525120027548__ul_d24_r42_rdb">
<li class="li">Different cluster configurations
<p class="p">The same function call run on clusters with different numbers of vworkers (that is, a different worker pod configuration) can have different results, because the data is distributed differently across workers. An example is DecisionForest, where each worker builds a set of trees based on its data partition. If the data is partitioned differently, as it might be on a different cluster, the set of trees produced varies across different configurations.</p></li>
<li class="li">Nondeterministic data transfer
<p class="p">Data transfer from <span><b>Advanced SQL Engine</b></span> to <span><b>ML Engine</b></span> is nondeterministic; that is, rows are transferred in random order and the data is distributed differently among workers across function runs. Nondeterministic data transfer affects functions for which data distribution and row-processing order are important.</p>
<p class="p">If the function has a partition key, you can ensure repeatable results with the PARTITION BY and ORDER BY clauses.</p></li>
<li class="li">The function is based on an algorithm that has a random component.
<p class="p">Results differ from run to run, due to the random nature of the algorithm. Some <span><b>ML Engine</b></span> functions have a Seed syntax element that their algorithms use for repeatable results. However, because of nondeterministic data transfer between <span><b>Advanced SQL Engine</b></span> and <span><b>ML Engine</b></span>, using the Seed syntax element alone may not guarantee repeatable results.</p></li></ul></div></div></div></body></html>
