For complete information on the **November 2023** update and all prior releases, see [What's new](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:mapPath=phg1621910019905.ditamap&dita:ditavalPath=pny1626732985837.ditaval&dita:topicPath=lpz1632246643646.dita).

## Apache Iceberg Open Table Format Support


VantageCloud Lake now supports Apache Iceberg Open Table Format. Using Iceberg Java APIs, VantageCloud Lake can read open table formats on all supported platforms.

## AWS: Customer Managed Encryption Keys


For securing data at rest on your VantageCloud Lake Platform in AWS, you now have the option to leverage customer-managed encryption keys in addition to the default cloud provider-managed encryption keys.

## Java UDF Support


You can now create user-defined functions using the Java language in VantageCloud Lake.

## Variable AMPs per Instance for Primary Cluster


You can choose the number of AMPs per instance (API) for the primary cluster when configuring your environment using the VantageCloud Lake Console (**Advanced options** >**AMPs per instance**).

## Cost Calculator for Overall Organization


Cloud cost management is critical to avoid unexpected bills and to maintain cost transparency within the organization. Cost calculators empower teams to understand the cost implications of their actions and make informed decisions accordingly.

The VantageCloud Lake Console provides a cost calculator that calculates an estimate of the units cost for a certain time window, given the current compute configuration of the Organization. This gives you a summarized view of the estimated unit cost for the whole Organization.

## Unit Consumption Email Alerts


Email alerts are provided to warn you of consumption usage that is near their defined limit.

## In-Place Data Sharing on AWS


In-place Data Sharing which was previously a limited availability feature is now GA on AWS. You can share datasets in-place in AWS between users of the same environment through the VantageCloud Lake Console to foster collaboration.

## Compute Clusters Support Large Object (LOB) Data Types


Large Object (LOB) data types can now be processed on compute clusters. LOBs cannot be transferred between compute and primary clusters. For example, if using Bring Your Own Model (BYOM) and the model with large objects (LOBs) is on the primary cluster, the query runs on the primary cluster even if the input table is on the compute cluster.

Stored Procedures (SPs) and External Stored Procedures (XSP) can now run on compute clusters.

Explicit and ANSI transaction OFS queries are now supported on the compute cluster.

Bring Your Own Model (BYOM) can now run on compute clusters.

All Vantage Analytics Library (VAL) functions can now run on compute clusters.

## Language Support


Spanish, German, and French languages are now supported.

## VantageCloud Lake Supported AWS Region


-   North America

    -   Canada Central (Toronto) | ca-central-1


## VantageCloud Lake Supported Azure Region


-   North America

    -   Canada Central (Toronto) | canadacentral


    -   South Central US (Texas) | southcentralus


-   South America

    -   Brazil South (Sao Paulo) | brazilsouth


## QueryGrid Supports HDInsight (Azure)


QueryGrid now supports connectivity to Apache Hive and Apache Spark on VantageCloud Lake on Azure.

## Data Insights


You can get a quick insight of the query results and visualize the data in various charts.

## Updated Analytic Functions


TD_Pivoting function is new to this release. Pivot the data, that is, changes the data from sparse to dense format.

The following analytic functions are updated in this release:

-   TD_ROC - PositiveLabel argument is now optional.


-   TD_NonLinearCombineFit. ResultColumn argument is optional with default value as TD_CombinedValue.


-   TD_GetFutileColumns. CategoricalSummaryColumn and ThresholdValue arguments are optional with default values.


-   TD_CategoricalSummary. DistinctValue column supports VARCHAR (CHARACTER SET LATIN or UNICODE) data type in the output table schema.


## Using Object File System Scheduler to Purge Versioned Tables


Tables in the Object File System are versioned. Insert, update, and delete operations create new versions of a table. Previous versions of a table are retained for a retention period. Users, with the appropriate permissions, can use Object File System (OFS) Scheduler to purge their older tables, and to cancel their purge jobs.

## Disaster Recovery


You can use self-service from the VantageCloud Console to support cross-site copy and restore of data (Disaster Recovery).

**Note:** This capability is in Limited Availability (Preview) and only available to selected customers. Contact your sales representative if you are interested in having early access to it.

## WRITE_NOS Maximum File Size Support


The maximum page size supported for Parquet and CSV has been increased from 16 MB to 512 MB.

## Telemetry Reporting Service


Performance Data Collection is now available.

## Concurrent Inserts into Object File System Tables


The feature allows two or more sessions to concurrently load data into the same Object File System table, which enhances the performance of INSERT operations on Object File System tables.

**Note:**Concurrent inserts feature is disabled by default. Contact customer support to enable this feature.

## Identity Column Support for Object File System


Identity column is now supported on Object File System. However, you can only run queries related to an identity column table on the primary cluster.

