Creating a foreign server involves running SQL statements on both the initiating (source) and the target (foreign/external) systems to grant permissions and create resources. All SQL statements are run automatically to create a foreign server. The status values for each SQL statement run are:

-   **Success**

    The SQL statement ran successfully.


-   **Failure**

    The SQL statement failed to run. This is indicated by an error.


-   **Skipped**

    The SQL statement was not needed to run or one of the SQL statements failed which caused the remaining statements to not run.


## Creation stage


The foreign server creation during the **Execution** stage.

Actions on the source system include:

-   Grants the permissions needed to create the required resources or access the necessary functions.


-   Creates resources such as authorization objects and foreign servers.


Action on the target system include:

-   Creates a service account user.


-   Grants **connect-through** privileges to the allowed users (when permissions don't already exist).


If a SQL statement fails during the creation of the foreign server, any remaining SQL statements are skipped and the creation of the foreign server is stopped. If this happens, the **Rollback** stage is triggered (when supported) to clean up the actions on both the initiating and target system. Only the SQL statements that completed during the **Execution** stage are rolled back.

The error message for the failed statement is displayed to help fix the issue. The remaining statements display the status **Skipped**. Fix the listed issue and re-run **Create foreign server**.

## Rollback stage


If the **Execution** stage fails during the creation of the foreign server, then the **Rollback** stage is automatically run to restore the environment to its original state. The **Rollback** stage is supported when both the initiating and target connectors have QueryGrid 3.07 or later installed.

Actions on the initiating and target systems:

-   Revoke any access right granted during the execution stage


-   Delete objects created during the execution stage (such as, authorization, foreign server, service account users)


If a SQL statement fails during rollback, any remaining SQL statements are skipped and the rollback of the foreign server is stopped. An error message with the failed statement is displayed to help restore the environment to the previous state. Fix the error in the failed SQL statement and re-run the fixed statement and all **Skipped** statements manually.

If a failure occurs during rollback, fix the rollback issue before fixing the creation issue.

---

Return to [Connect a data source](znp1640282079399.md)

