
-   -   -   
## Teradata


Service account authorization type

-   Service account

    Requires creating a service account user on the target data source. Login credentials are stored in QueryGrid Manager and picked up when you log on to the target data source. A CONNECT THROUGH operation is granted to all initiator users through the service account and is run when you log on.

-   Service account with authorization object – DEFINER

    Requires creation of a service account on the target data source. Login credentials are stored in an authorization object on the initiator system in `td_server_db`. The initiator user credentials are used at query time and passed to the target system during connection. A CONNECT THROUGH operation is granted to all initiator users through the service account by QueryGrid.

-   Authorization object – INVOKER

    Create an authorization object in each initiating users database that matches the name created in `td_server_db`. Credentials in the authorization object are picked up for the initiating user and passed to target data source for login at time of query.


## EMR


-   Unsecured

    No credentials used when logging into the target data source.

-   Kerberos with service account

    Create a service account in the target data source for all users to connect. This service account user picks up the Kerberos ticket.

-   Kerberos with service account using keytab

    Create a service account in the target data source for all users to connect. The keytab file picks up the Kerberos ticket for login.

-   Kerberos with authorization object

    Create in the initiator database for all initiator users to connect. These credentials are picked up by all initiator users at query time when getting the Kerberos ticket

-   Kerberos with service account using authorization object

    Created in the initiator database with the credentials of a service account in target data source. These credentials are picked up by all initiator users at query time when getting the Kerberos ticket.


## Generic JDBC


-   Database user authorization object

    All initiator users use these credentials at query time to log on to the target data source.

-   Database user with service account with authorization object

    All initiator users use these credentials at query time to log on to the target data source. This authorization object contains service account user credentials which are created on the target data source for all initiator users to log on as.

-   Kerberos with Service Account

    Create in the target data source for all users to connect. This service account user picks up the Kerberos ticket.

-   Kerberos with service account using keytab

    Create in the target data source for all users to connect. Keytab file picks up the Kerberos ticket for login.

-   Kerberos with authorization object

    Create in the initiator database for all initiator users to connect. These credentials are picked up at query time when getting the Kerberos ticket.

-   Kerberos with service account using authorization object

    Create in the initiator database with credentials of a service account in target data source. These credentials are picked up by all initiator users at query time when getting the Kerberos ticket.


