The trial lets you access your very own VantageCloud Lake environment with access to all core features. You can self-provision your own environment, add and manage users and compute resources, explore industry-specific use cases, and access more than 100 analytic functions.

Your trial is limited to 30 days or 10,000 units, whichever comes first. A basic trial system uses approximately 168 units per day. The banners on the **Home** page and in the menu display the remaining amounts.

## Trial environment


The trial is an AWS, XXS 2-instance system, with 1 TB of storage. You can create a single compute group with multiple profiles for resource management.

You can give your colleagues access to your VantageCloud Lake system, by adding them as database users or organization administrators. They can experience the full power of VantageCloud Lake.

## Features included in the trial


-   ask.ai, our AI-powered chatbot


-   [SQL editor](xbg1640280430669.md) with more than 100 analytic functions and visualizations


-   [AWS private link for secure connections](suh1721090175745.md)


-   [Single sign-on (SSO)](mxq1680183881642.md) (OpenID Connect and SAML)


-   [Consumption monitoring, estimating, and alerts](onj1682104977691.md)


-   [Open analytics endpoint](laq1640280582810.md) to connect your own tools


-   [Query management and monitoring](ajr1640280560519.md)


-   [Data management and loading](jwm1694121113608.md) (Flow, Data sharing)


-   [Reports and chart widgets](qow1711727575738.md)


-   Complete VantageCloud Lake learning material


These features are part of VantageCloud Lake, but *are not included* with the trial. Contact Teradata for additional information.

-   Additional cloud environments and full range of instance size & count, storage options, and encryption options


-   ModelOps


-   User-defined functions (UDF)


-   Data protection, including backup and recovery, multiple restore points, and disaster recovery


-   QueryGrid


-   24x7 support


**[Get started >](tta1687442978234.md)**

