## AWS


The **Amazon Resource Name (ARN)** for an **AWS KMS key** has the following general format:


    
    ```
    

    
    arn:aws:kms:
  *region*
    :
  *account-id*
    :key/
  *key-id*
    

    
    ```
    

    

  **Region**

The **AWS Key** must be in the same region where the VantageCloud Lake environment is deployed.

**Key type**

Set the **AWS Key Type** as **Symmetric**.

**Key usage**

The **AWS Key Type** should be 
    `
    encrypt_decrypt
    `
  .

## Azure


The Azure **Key identifier** has the following general format:


    
    ```css
    

    
    https://
  *key_vault_name*
    .vault.azure.net/keys/
  *key_name*
    /
  *key_version*
    

    
    ```
    

    

  **Region**

The **Key Vault** must be in the same region where the VantageCloud Lake environment is deployed.

**Pricing tier**

For regular CMEK, choose the **Standard** tier. Teradata also supports HSM-backed keys, which is the **Premium** pricing tier.

**Purge protection**

To use CMEK, you must enable **Purge protection**. Purge protection ensures that once a key vault or its objects are deleted, they cannot be permanently purged until the retention period has passed.

## Google Cloud


Your Google Cloud **Key resource** name must follow this format:


    
    ```css
    

    
    projects/
  *customer_project_id*
    /locations/
  *region*
    /keyRings/
  *key_ring_name*
    /cryptoKeys/
  *key_name*
    /cryptoKeyVersions/
  *key_version*
    

    
    ```
    

    

  **Region**

The **KMS Key Ring** must be in the same region as the VantageCloud Lake environment is deployed.

**Purpose**

Your KMS encryption key in Google Cloud must be configured with the 
    `
    encrypt_decrypt
    `
   (encryption) key purpose. For more details, refer to Google Cloud's [Key purposes](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/algorithms#key_purposes) documentation.

**Key version**

You must include the key version in the **Key resource name** using the 
    `
    cryptoKeyVersions/*key_version*
    `
   syntax.

