
Use compute profiles to manage compute groups. A compute profile is a scaling policy for compute capacity. You can create multiple compute profiles for different times of the day or week for different workloads. For example, you could create one with more compute capacity for the day and one with less compute capacity for the night.

A compute group must have at least one compute profile. Otherwise, all queries run on the primary cluster.

An organization admin creates a compute profile.

Compute profile configuration affects your costs.

**Size**: Number of nodes in each compute cluster. Consumption units are calculated per cluster, per hour.

-   **Lake**

    XSmall (1 node) = 10 units

    Small (2 nodes) = 20 units

    Medium (4 nodes) = 40 units

    Large (8 nodes) = 80 units

    XLarge (16 nodes) = 160 units

    XXLarge (32 nodes) = 320 units

    XXXLarge (64 nodes) = 640 units

-   **Lake+**

    XSmall (1 node) = 12 units

    Small (2 nodes) = 24 units

    Medium (4 nodes) = 48 units

    Large (8 nodes) = 96 units

    XLarge (16 nodes) = 192 units

    XXLarge (32 nodes) = 384 units

    XXXLarge (64 nodes) = 768 units


**Cool-down time**: The minutes to run the system after a query completes before initiating any further queries or going into hibernation.

**Auto-scale**: Adjusts the number of active compute clusters based on workload. If you enable it, specify the minimum and maximum number of clusters to activate. If you disable it, specify a static number of clusters.

**Schedule**: Specifies when a profile is active. Without a schedule, a profile is always active.

**Note:** Newly created profiles are active immediately, regardless of the schedule. To avoid excessive charges, create a new profile in the suspended state.

**Suspend**: Suspends a profile.

-   If you suspend an active profile, queries continue to run until the cool-down time ends.

-   If you create a suspended profile, it is not active until you resume it or until it is activated based on its schedule.


