After deploying **Data copy manager** and selecting the target environment to connect to, **Data copy** guides you through the process of setting up a dedicated AWS or Azure private link endpoint for that target environment.

Data copy uses the **Data copy agent** that runs in the target environment. The copy agent requires a dedicated private link endpoint to connect from the target environment to the VantageCloud Lake environment.

There are three basic steps when setting up an endpoint:

1.  The Data copy service creates a private link endpoint inside VantageCloud Lake.

    Save the name of the service for later use.


1.  The Data copy service add the AWS or Azure account ID to the endpoint's trust list.

    Save the account ID for later use.


1.  You or your Teradata support representative creates the private endpoint in the target environment using the service name and account ID created in the previous steps.


**Important!** You need to create two private link service requests. **QueryGrid** and **Data copy** each require their own AWS or Azure private link endpoint. The first endpoint is created when configuring **QueryGrid**. The second endpoint is created when configuring **Data copy**.

If using **Data copy** with a VantageCloud Lake to VantageCloud Enterprise connection, use the following steps to request an endpoint for the VantageCloud Enterprise system.

1.  Sign in to [https://support.teradata.com](https://support.teradata.com).


1.  Select **Request a Change**.


1.  Create a change request.


1.  In the request details, enter 
    `
    "Purpose: Request for creating a VantageCloud Enterprise private link endpoint for Data copy"
    `
   and provide the following information:

    -   VantageCloud Enterprise SiteID


    -   Availability zone ID in which the endpoint service was created on the VantageCloud Lake site


From here, Teradata Support will guide you though the process of setting up the AWS or Azure private link endpoint.

If using **Data copy** with a VantageCloud Lake to VantageCore connection, use the following steps to request an AWS or Azure endpoint for the VantageCore system.

1.  Create an AWS account with **Direct Connect/VPN** access or an Azure account to access VantageCore.

    The AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) where the Direct Connect/VPN is located must be the same as your VantageCloud Lake system.


1.  Provision a subnet in the same availability zone as your VantageCloud Lake system. For example, *us-west-2a*.


1.  From the menu, select **Home** > **Manage data** > **Data copy** > **Connect environment** and provide the AWS or Azure account ID when prompted and **Enable Private Link**.

    The account ID is added to the endpoint's service trust list and the name of the service is displayed.


1.  From the public cloud's account setup page, create a private link endpoint and enter the name of the endpoint service and account ID provided in the previous steps.


1.  Provide the public cloud's private endpoint address when prompted during the Data copy's **Connect environment** process.


**Note:** When setting up a private link endpoint, some of the **Connect environment** steps may not be ready to complete. You can exit out of the process at any time. When you have all the information, you can return to the **Connect environment** process and re-enter the information you previously provided. If you selected **Enable Private Link** in a previous session, selecting it again will not cause any issues to the existing endpoint service.

