As an organization admin, you can enable Private Link at the organization level on the VantageCloud Lake console and disable the public internet URL access.

**Note:** Disabling the public URL is available for organizations that have an AWS account, regardless of the VantageCloud Lake platform they use.

1.  Go to **Home** > **Manage access** > **Network security**.


1.  Enter your allowed AWS account IDs separated by a comma.


1.  Enter the allowed regions and select **Save**.

    **Note:** Teradata services that provide the Private Link access to the VantageCloud Lake console use the AWS us-west-2 region. If you want to allow access using a different region, use the **Allow access using regions** menu and select a region. Then, when creating your endpoint, enable the **Enable cross region endpoint** option and select **United States (Oregon) (us-west-2)** from the menu.


1.  Copy the Vantage-generated **Endpoint address** and paste it in the AWS Portal as the Resource ID or alias.

    See [Create a service powered by AWS PrivateLink](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/create-endpoint-service.html)

    **Important!** Do not disable **Public URL** until all steps are completed.


1.  Access the private URL and verify it is working correctly.


1.  While logged in to the console using the private URL, go to **Home** > **Manage access** > **Network security** and disable the **Public URL**.

    Disabling the public URL at the console level does not affect environment network settings.


