
Teradata QueryGrid is a data analytics fabric that provides seamless, high-performing data access, processing, and movement across one or more data sources. Deployment of QueryGrid inside VantageCloud Lake is fully automated. Connecting external systems to VantageCloud Lake requires the setup of a private link outside of the VantageCloud Lake environment.

QueryGrid on Vantage supports the following connectivity types:

VantageCloud Lake on AWS:

|Connects to|With connector|
|-----------|--------------|
|VantageCloud Enterprise on AWS*|Teradata-to-Teradata|
|VantageCore (on-premises)|Teradata-to-Teradata|
|Amazon EMR|-   Teradata-to-Apache Hive-   Teradata-to-Apache Spark|
|Other JDBC-compatible query engines (such as Amazon Redshift)**|Generic JDBC|


*To setup and configure the required AWS PrivateLink endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, open a [Private link change request](fdy1689789992425.md) on the VantageCloud Enterprise customer support portal.

**Refer to the [Teradata® QueryGrid Installation and User Guide](https://docs.teradata.com/search/documents?query=Teradata+QueryGrid+Installation+and+User+Guide&sort=last_update&virtual-field=title_only&content-lang=) for driver node requirements.

VantageCloud Lake on Azure:

|Connects to|With connector|
|-----------|--------------|
|VantageCloud Enterprise on Azure*|Teradata-to-Teradata|
|VantageCore (on-premises)|Teradata-to-Teradata|


*To setup and configure the required Azure Private Link endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, open a [Private link change request](fdy1689789992425.md) on the VantageCloud Enterprise customer support portal.

Connectivity notes:

-   These connections are configurable through self-service and do not require a Teradata consulting engagement.

-   VantageCloud Lake on AWS supports bi-directional query initiation with VantageCloud Enterprise on AWS and VantageCore (on-premises) using the Teradata-to-Teradata connector.

-   VantageCloud Lake on Azure supports bi-directional query initiation with VantageCloud Enterprise on Azure and VantageCore (on-premises) using the Teradata-to-Teradata connector


## Resources


-   [Teradata® QueryGrid Installation and User Guide](https://docs.teradata.com/search/documents?query=Teradata+QueryGrid+Installation+and+User+Guide&sort=last_update&virtual-field=title_only&content-lang=)

-   [*Teradata® QueryGrid™ Components and Connectors Compatibility Matrix*](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/map?dita:mapPath=wue1554808920847.ditamap)

-   [Management](ssz1689789992193.md)


