A [default personal connection](wkm1725389190945.md) is required to create dataset templates. Teradata recommends creating a default personal connection prior to creating a training a model. See [Add connection](vpe1725389258480.md).

1.  From the environment, select **AI &ML** > **ModelOps** > **Projects** > **Datasets** > **Create Dataset Template**.


1.  Select the default personal connection from the drop-down, then select **Continue**.


1.  Set Catalog tab properties, then select **Next**.

    Use the **Feature catalog** to define catalog types.

    -   **None**: Complete the Config tab fields and select **Create**.


    -   **Vantage**: Complete the remaining steps.


1.  Complete the **Features** tab fields then select **Next**.

    -   You can define an SQL query to get an introspection on the features fetched directly from the database by selecting **Run**. The Features table displays the results.


    -   ModelOps identifies the table's entity key with a small key icon. Use the Feature column to specify if a row is a feature (enabled) or an entity key (disabled). When switching entity keys, you're prompted for confirmation.


    -   Retrieve the results from the SQL query you defined earlier by selecting **Preview data**.


    -   Validate the features statistics with the ones stored in the database by selecting **Validate statistics**. ModelOps displays a warning for features missing statistics.


1.  Complete the **Entity & target** tab fields, then select **Next**.

    -   Define the SQL query to retrieve desired variables by selecting **Run**. Retrieved results display in the Variables table; select or deselect check boxes adjacent to each row to further specify your sample. Entity Key selection and operations are the same as the Features tab step.


    -   Retrieve a sample of the results from the SQL queries defined earlier with the resulting SQL queries by selecting **Preview data**.


    -   You can validate statistics for the current target selection by selecting **Validate statistics**. For any target missing statistics, a warning icon will appear on the row.


1.  Complete the **Predictions** tab fields.

    Here you'll include the details of the database, table, and the query. ModelOps uses this query as the Input of the execution of your model in Production when this model will be deployed as BATCH.

    You can retrieve sample results from the SQL query result with the entity keys for scoring defined earlier by selecting **Preview data**.


1.  Select **Create**.


