
This is a short paragraph, used to illustrate passthru (non)-processing when output as markdown.

Non-processing output as markdown means that the standard Oxygen routines to collapse sequences of whitespace characters (tab, space, CR, LF) for elements **p** and **ph** that do not preserve whitespace during serialization from xml to text or back to xml do not apply if outputclass of **p** or **ph** elements contains 'passthru'. In other words, ph[@outputclass='passthru-inline'] and p[@outputclass='passthru-block'] guarantee that author can add horizontal or vertical whitespace without normalization by Oxygen.

The following examples show passthru (non)-processing. Markdown output should display character for character the contents of the **p** or **ph**.

The following paragraph is an example of the use of p[@outputclass='passthru-block']. This should produce equivalent markdown output to wrapping a ph in a normal (no outputclass) p tag <p><ph outputclass='passthru-inline'>content</ph>.</p> as in the second example.

[Read more](https://docs.teradata.com/r/Teradata-VantageCloud-Lake/What-s-New/March-2023)

The ph at the end of this paragraph is an example of the use of ph[@outputclass='passthru-inline']. Because ph is an inline element only it will always be used inside of a block element such as section, shortdesc, or p. [Read more](https://docs.teradata.com/r/Teradata-VantageCloud-Lake/What-s-New/March-2023)

Because ph[@outputclass='passthru-inline'] and p[@outputclass='passthru-block'] respect formatting of content as written by author, and do not apply serialization to flatten sequences of whitespace, you can add spaces, tabs, linefeeds and carriage returns in these elements. To add a line, press enter and select **Insert New Line**. The following examples show this.

The first example is p[@outputclass='passthru-block'], inserted with the context menu. This example shows how you can insert spaces, tabs, LF and CR. No line feeds manually inserted at start or end of p content.

| Tables | Are | Cool | | ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| | **col 3 is** | right-aligned | $1600 | | col 2 is | *centered* | $12 | | zebra stripes | ~~are neat~~ | $1 |

The variation of the first example is p[@outputclass='passthru-block'], inserted with the context menu, where line feeds are manually inserted at start or end of p content.

| Tables | Are | Cool | | ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| | **col 3 is** | right-aligned | $1600 | | col 2 is | *centered* | $12 | | zebra stripes | ~~are neat~~ | $1 |

The second example is a normal p enclosing ph[@outputclass='passthru-inline']. When selected from the context menu, it is automatically wrapped in a p if not inside a valid block element. This example shows how characters left and right brace, backslash, backtick, and hash are escaped or not with backslash. Each character is followed by a TAB, the character name, another TAB, and a LF. No linefeed manually inserted at start or end of ph content.

& ampersand " doublequote ' single quote > greater than < less than * asterisk _ underscore [ left bracket ] right bracket \{ left brace \} right brace ( left parens ) right parens \\ backslash \` backtick \# hash or pound. The remaining markdown formatting characters do not get escaped in markdown output: ^ caret, ~ tilde, - minus, ! exclamation mark, _ underscore, + plus, | pipe.

The variation of the second example uses line feeds manually inserted at start or end of ph content.

& ampersand " doublequote ' single quote > greater than < less than * asterisk _ underscore [ left bracket ] right bracket \{ left brace \} right brace ( left parens ) right parens \\ backslash \` backtick \# hash or pound. The remaining markdown formatting characters do not get escaped in markdown output: ^ caret, ~ tilde, - minus, ! exclamation mark, _ underscore, + plus, | pipe.

