During each step of the model lifecycle—from training to deployment—a job is run at the back end to perform the required processing. Use the Jobs option to monitor the jobs, view job logs, and analyze the job lifecycle.

The following job types are run to complete each step of the model lifecycle:

-   Training

    When a model's training starts, a training job is created.


-   Evaluation

    To evaluate a trained model, an evaluation job is started.


-   Approval

    The approval process of a model is associated with an approval job.


-   Deployment

    When a model is deployed in production, a deployment job is run.


-   Retirement

    A model deployment is retired by running a retirement job.


In addition to model lifecycle jobs, feature engineering tasks also trigger a series of job types:

-   Import: When a feature engineering task is created, a import job is executed.


-   Run: To run the feature engineering task, a run job is executed.


-   Approve: The approval process of a feature engineering task is associated with an approval job.


-   Deploy: When a feature engineering task is deployed in production, a deployment job is executed.


-   Batch execution: Executes the deployed feature engineering task. This job can be triggered manually or scheduled to run at specific intervals.


The following job types are not part of the model lifecycle but provide supporting information for models and deployments, respectively, for auditing purposes:

-   Compute statistics

    Is run to validate and compute statistics for a BYOM model after import.


-   Batch prediction

    A scoring job for deployed model version that can be scheduled or manually executed. It is triggered by either cron (scheduled expression) or selecting **Run Now** on the **Deployments Details** > **Jobs** tab.


