1.  From the environment, select **AI workbench** > **ModelOps** > **Projects** > the project > **Feature engineering** > select a task > **Deploy**.


1.  Complete the **Select Engine** tab fields, then select **Next**:

    -   Select **Docker** as the **Engine type**.


    -   Select **Batch** as the **Deployment mode**.


1.  Complete the **Publish** tab fields, then select **Next**:

    -   In the **Publish** tab, select the dataset connection for the task. In the **Advanced options**, select the **Engine name** and **Docker image**.


    -   Select the **Docker image**.


    -   Select the dataset **Template**.


    -   Set any **Key**/**Value** pair information in **Custom properties**.


1.  Complete the **Publish** tab fields:

    -   In the **Schedule** tab, you can enable or disable scheduling of the deployed model. If the scheduling is enabled, set the scheduling options to run the scoring job.

        -   **Cron** - Enter a cron expression to define the schedule for the scoring job.

            **Manual** - No scheduling will be specified; you must run the job manually from the Deployment page.


        -   **Run once** - The scoring job runs once after deployment.


        -   **Time scheduler** - Set the time schedule according to the time you select from the dropdown (Hourly, Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Yearly).


1.  Select **Deploy**.

    **Deploy details** shows the logs information for the task. You can **Stop** (pause) the progress.

    The **Events** section on the **Logs** tab shows the event progress.


