
Find answers to common questions.

## Where can I see data sharing?


From the navigation panel, select **Data sharing**.

## Can I create multiple shares?


Yes. If you are a provider or admin, you can create multiple shares.

## Can I share certain columns or rows?


No, entire tables are shared. You must have access rights to the entire table.

## Can I share the same table in different shares?


Yes. You can share the same table in multiple datasets.

## How do I become a citizen?


Contact the share admin or your org admin to get sharing privileges.

## How do I request access to a share?


Select a listed share and the **Request access** option.

## How can I access the data for queries?


Use applications such as Editor. NEED MORE on HOW.

## How do I make my datasets available to other people?


Add **Subscribers** either as users or roles.

## How do I protect the data I share?


As a provider of a share, you can assign access levels to your datasets. By default, datasets are given the READ privilege. Teradata also recommends you confirm the user requesting subscription to the share should have access to the data provided.

## Why can't I see/find/use a data share?


-   Confirm your organization has the data sharing feature enabled.

-   Confirm you are assigned the citizen role.

-   Reach out to the provider of the share to request access.

-   Share names are case-sensitive, check that you are searching the correct name.


## How does the data stay current?


NEED. Also - with the grant permissions, can users actually change the data in the original table if the dataset has update, delete, etc., permissions?

