**Note:** To delete or hibernate an environment, you must submit a change request.

**Note:** Some options may be pre-selected or unavailable in a VantageCloud Lake trial environment.

Once your environment is deployed, you can configure how users connect to it and view the settings that were applied.

From an environment, select **Settings**.

## Instance size


The instance size displayed is determined during the creation of the environment.

## Storage encryption


View the type of encryption protecting your data at rest, which is determined during the creation of the environment:

-   **Teradata managed**

    Data is protected with the platform-managed encryption keys by Teradata and updated during system upgrades.


-   **Customer managed**

    You rotate the encryption key. Selecting **Rotate Key** opens a window for you to share the key ARN.

    Select your public cloud provider to learn more about creating or rotating a CMEK.

    [AWS: Create a Customer Managed Encryption Key](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=qly1704828971494.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph)

    [Azure: Creating a Customer Managed Encryption Key](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=ayd1718750859566.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph)

    [Google Cloud: Creating a Customer Managed Encryption Key](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=dgb1746037407158.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph)


## Network


-   **Internet connection**

    A public connection. If you select it, configure your network to allow connections to port 
        `
        1025
        `
       on 
        `
        public-ip.
        `
      


-   **Private link**

    A secure connection type.


## Vector store


Enable or disable [Vector store](fsd1742339949986.md) for an environment.

## Model Ops


Enable or disable [ModelOps](qya1694122121061.md) for an environment.

