**Note:** Some options may be pre-selected or unavailable in a VantageCloud Lake trial environment.

Database administrators are responsible for keeping the database at peak performance, and for ensuring that the data is secure and protected.

Database administrators perform a variety of administrative tasks. For example:

-   Configure databases, users, roles, and profiles


-   Create tables and views


-   Create stored procedures and user-defined functions


-   Load and export data


-   Use Database Query Logging (DBQL) to track query statement counts and response times, and make refinements to workload groups and scheduling, and so on


-   Learn administrative tools to troubleshoot problems


As an organization administrator, you can create a database administrator for environments using the Create Database Administrator wizard.

1.  From the menu, select an environment from the **Organization** page and then select **Dashboard** from the menu.


1.  Select **Create** and the **Create database admin** option.


1.  Enter the root password.

    DBC is the username for the group admin DBA with root access. You create a password for the DBC role.


1.  Enter the database admin credentials using the guide for creating a password.


1.  [Optional] Use the **Advanced options** section to specify the amount of permanent space and character set for the environment.


1.  Select **Create**.

    You can optionally show **Select SQL** to view the assigned dba privileges before creating the


