An organization admin realm uses your corporate identity provider and single sign-on to access VantageCloud Lake. When you create an organization admin realm, your organization maintains control over its administrative credentials, helping protect sensitive data and administrative functions from unauthorized access.

As an organization admin, select from the menu **Home** > **Manage access** > **Identity providers** > **Realms** tab and select the **Organization admin realm** option.

-   Only one organization admin realm can be created per organization.


-   If the organization admin realm option is grayed out, one has already been created.


-   Role-based access control (RBAC) is not available.


-   Organization admins will no longer have access to VantageCloud Lake environments once single sign-on is enabled and required for organization admins. The admin will need to sign out and back in as a database user or dba.


Enter the name, description, select an identity provider, and restricted groups for the realm.

**Important:** Initially save the realm without enabling **Require organization admins to sign in using SSO**.

Perform a thorough test of the realm by checking the following:

-   Verify the identity provider configuration is correct and functional.


-   Confirm the restricted group mappings are correct.


-   Verify that the realm permissions work as expected.


-   Test that users outside the restricted groups cannot access the organization admin functions.


-   Check that all organization admins can access the system using their single sign on credentials.


Once the realm is verified, sign back in as the SSO organization admin and enable the **Require organization admins to sign in using SSO** option.

**Note:** Once this option is enabled, organization admins will no longer be able to sign on to the system using the Teradata managed credentials. They will also not have access to any environments but can still create and manage them from an organization admin role.

## Remove organization admin realm


To stop using your own identity provider and return to using the Teradata managed credentials, create a support request at [https://support.teradata.com](https://support.teradata.com).

