
An account is a logical instance of a database environment that enables you to load sample data, run queries, view current and historical query data, manage user access, and more. An account consists of the following components:

-   **Primary Cluster**: Each account has one Primary Cluster that includes allocated, permanent block storage and manages query planning and distribution of work across the environment. It includes databases with BYNET-connected nodes, and optionally Compute Clusters and Compute Workers. Access Module Processors (AMPs) in the nodes process data from parsing engines and move and manage data from disk drives. Each processor owns its assigned data and has its own instance of the Teradata file system. The components of the Primary Cluster are defined during account creation using the **General** and **Additional Options** settings.

-   **Compute Groups**: Compute groups are separate compute clusters of BYNET-connected nodes independent of the Primary Operational Group. They perform compute-intensive query steps that free the Primary Operational Group to perform session management, parsing engine functions, and tactical or other short-term functions.

    Compute group characteristics include the following:

    -   Provide additional resources dynamically according to workload.

    -   Optionally specialized for departments or work types.

    -   Extend and automatically scale up compute power.

    -   Read large tables in TSS.

    -   Hold intermediate data in memory or in internal drives.

    -   Store no permanent data.

    -   100% fault-isolated from system-wide failures.

    -   Independently upgradable to newer versions of software without disrupting the rest of the system.

    On an analytic compute group, at most 10 queries can run concurrently on the nodes—half as many as on a standard compute group. The APPLY table operator always runs on an analytic compute group. Teradata recommends using an analytic compute group when running an external UDF. With fewer concurrent queries, the external UDF has less competition for resources.

-   **Compute Clusters**: Compute Clusters are optional groupings of BYNET-connected nodes with Access Module Processors and parsing engines that offload compute-intensive query steps from the Primary Cluster. They are connected to the Primary Cluster by Vantage Query Fabric, which provides parallel and scalable connectivity between the Primary Cluster and multiple Compute Clusters and load balancing between multiple Compute Clusters and transfers finalized query steps for execution. You can have multiple Compute Clusters and assign them to Compute Groups.

-   **Compute Workers**: Computer Workers are optional, BYNET-connected, compute-only components connected to the Primary Cluster. They are optimal for heavy-processing work and free up standard nodes on the Primary Cluster.


