If you import versions into a model with no existing model versions, you must have a default personal dataset connection associated with the project. See [Add dataset connection](vpe1725389258480.md).

If you **Enable model monitoring**, you must define a training dataset. See [Dataset templates](nwv1725409283494.md).

Use **External ID** to identify the model version such as a date or other helpful string.

1.  From the environment, select **AI workbench** > **ModelOps** > **Projects** > a project > a model > select **Import model**.


1.  Do one of the following:

    1.  For Jupyter:

        -   Specify an **External ID**.


        -   Add any **Tags** for searching and filtering.


        -   **Upload model file** (.ipynb file).


        -   Select **Save**.


    1.  For PMML, ONNX, H2O, H2O_DAI, DATAIKU, and DATAROBOT:

        -   On the **Details** tab

            -   Specify an **External ID**.


            -   Add any **Tags** for searching and filtering.

                **Upload model file** (format-specific file).


        -   Select **Next**.


        -   On the **Model monitoring** tab:

            -   **Enable Model monitoring** is selected.


            -   Select the **Model type** (**Classification** or **Regression**).


            -   Select a **Training statistics** dataset from the drop-down.


            -   Specify a **Prediction expression**.


            -   To disable feature and drift monitoring, deselect **Enable feature and prediction drift monitoring**.


            -   To disable model evaluation and performance monitoring, deselect **Enable model evaluation and performance monitoring**.


            -   Select **Import version**.


---

**Next:** [Train a model](etl1725408512818.md).

