The **Copy plan** tab displays all existing plans.

A copy plan can copy full or partial tables using the WHERE clause. The default setting copies as a full table to the target database.

Things to know:

-   The target user and database must exist before running a copy plan.


-   You must test both the source and target connections separately before selecting objects to copy.


-   Plan names cannot contain blank spaces.


## Selecting objects


You can select individual table settings to change items such as a table name on the target database, map the table to a different database on the target, or validate row count.

When creating a copy plan, you can specify table settings in the **Objects** and the **Plan settings** steps. If you select the optional **Target staging database**, Data copy uses that database on the target system to create all temporary staging artifacts.

**Note**: Table-specific settings override any table settings made in the plan settings step.

There is no limit to how many objects you can select in a plan.

Descriptions of some key table settings:

-   **Include only where**

    Use when performing a partial table copy. No need to enter the keyword WHERE.

    For example, if you want to restrict a partial table copy to only the columns where col1 is greater than 4, enter *col1 > 4*.


-   **Use source staging database**

    Staging databases can be enabled for source tables, target tables, and temporary artifacts.


-   **Validate row count**

    Use this to verify that the number of rows in the source and target tables match after the copy job completes. **Partial** checks a subset of the copied data in a partial table copy. **All** applies to full or partial table copies and verifies the entire table.


-   **Compare DDL**

    Select to verify that important aspects of the DDL for the source and target tables match before running the copy plan. Data copy compares the DDL as the default. **True** sets the compare to perform before the copy. **False** will not compare the DDL before the copy.


-   **Key columns**

    Select one or more key columns from the list to specify which columns uniquely identify each row. You must specify at least one key column from the list. Use the **Cntrl** key to select multiple key columns.


-   **Override lock access**

    For Teradata-to-Teradata jobs only, you can select this option to allow updates to the source table when copying to the target. Use with care, there is a risk of copying data to the target table that has not yet been committed to the source table.


## Copy method


When selecting the **Copy method** for a plan, if an error stating the foreign server does not exist on the target displays, select **Execute on foreign server**. This scenario could occur when creating a plan using the target system as the source system and the VantageCloud Lake system as the target.

## Plan settings


You can modify the default plan settings.

Descriptions of some key plan settings:

-   **Priority**

    This tells Data copy which plan to run first when multiple plans are in the queue. It can also determine which tasks are run first.


-   **Logging level**

    You can specify the amount of detail logged for a job.

    -   **Medium** is the default.


    -   **Unspecified** disables logging.


    -   **Low** through **High** increases the amount of logs from only essential information up to all information.


-   **Allow overwrite**

    When set to 
        `
        true
        `
      , Data copy automatically overwrites the tables on the target system if the table already exists. If set to false and the table already exists on the target system, the copy plan fails.


-   **Queryband**

    Tag sessions with user-defined name value pairs in the key=value format as comma-separated name pairs. If you define a queryband for a copy plan, Data copy uses that definition for all transactions on the source and target systems for that plan.


-   **Target staging database for temporary artifacts**

    Artifacts (errors, logs, work tables, and so on) are sometimes created on the staging database when copying tables. To avoid this, you can select to have a separate staging database created for these temporary artifacts.


