**Note:** Some options may be pre-selected or unavailable in a VantageCloud Lake trial environment.

As an organization admin, you can create environments once your organization is established in VantageCloud Lake.

From the menu, select **Home** > **Create** > **Create environment**.

**Important!** The region, [primary cluster](isb1696461636881.md) size, and actual [units consumed](onj1682104977691.md) affect cost. As you change environment settings, the [Consumption estimates](aow1703107228725.md) panel automatically updates projected use and any overage with the changes.

## Environment


-   **Region**

    Select an available region closest to your location for best performance.


-   **Availability zone (AWS only)**

    You can select an **Availability zone** within your region where you have other applications running to improve performance and cost efficiency. Selecting the region closest to your physical location provides the best performance.


-   **Package**

    Select the support package for the environment.

    -   Standard Supports fewer than 10 nodes, single node cliques, same environment backup and restore.


    -   Lake Premier 24x7 cloud support.

        Supports up to 128 nodes, single- and multi-node cliques, Private Link connectivity, same environment backup and restore.


    -   Lake+ Premier 24x7 Priority cloud support + industry data models.

        Supports up to 128 nodes, single- and multi-node cliques, Private Link connectivity, multiple environments backup and restore.


-   **Key management**

    You can choose your preferred storage encryption:

    -   **Managed by Teradata**

        This is the default option which maintains support for your platform-managed encryption key.


    -   **Customer managed**

        You create and manage the customer managed encryption keys (CMEK).

        Applying a customer managed encryption key works only for new environments at provisioning. Once applied, the storage encryption type cannot be changed on that environment.

        It is your responsibility to update the CMEK policy when new services are introduced.

        Do not modify the key policy in VantageCloud Lake. Update in the cloud provider's key management system.


    -   **Rotate key**

        For a customer-managed key only, you can manually rotate your encryption key by selecting a CMEK-enabled environment, then, from the menu **Settings** > **Storage encryption** > **Rotate key**.

        From VantageCloud Lake, select **Rotate key** to open a window to enter the new key. Select **Rotate** to confirm.

        To receive a new key, go to your cloud provider's CMEK dashboard and the key management option to rotate your key. Copy the new key to paste into VantageCloud Lake.


    -   **Resource links**

        Select your cloud provider to learn more about creating or rotating your symmetric software encryption key.

        [AWS: Create a Customer Managed Encryption Key](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=qly1704828971494.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph)

        [Azure: Creating a Customer Managed Encryption Key](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=ayd1718750859566.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph)

        [Google Cloud: Creating a Customer Managed Encryption Key](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=mni1632106237314.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph)


## Manage access


Dynamic option. Displays when your organization already has established identity providers and realms. Select a realm to enable the single sign-on feature.

## Primary cluster configuration


-   **Standard**

    A general-purpose option providing balanced performance for a wide range of workloads.


-   **High I/O**

    Available in select regions and is best for heavy workloads and is network optimized. High I/O consumes more units.


-   **Instance size**

    The size of each node in the [primary cluster](nmr1658424425362.md). This size determines the number of [units consumed](tdv1682522711429.md) per instance per hour. Select the best size to optimize costs for your compute and resource needs.


-   **Instance count**

    The number of nodes in the primary cluster (2 to 128).


-   **Total storage in TB**

    Enter the total storage for the primary cluster. This value gets evenly divided across the nodes.


## Database credentials


The default environment's **Username** is DBC. The DBC user is the DBA (group administrator) of the environment and has root access to the database. You can create additional [database users](wxe1659392685092.md) and with different roles and permissions later.

Create a unique password for DBC, following the password requirements.

**Important!** Safeguard your credentials. You will need the root password for creating the first database administrator.

## Advanced options


To define the advanced optional settings, disable **Use defaults**. When using the default option, data is protected with the platform-managed encryption keys.

**Important!** Keep **Use defaults** enabled unless you have contacted Teradata Services for your workload-specific configuration.

-   **AMPs per instance**

    The primary cluster has a default number of AMPs per instance, which varies by instance type. Use this option to define the number of AMPs per instance.


-   **Storage type**

    Default storage type is **General purpose SSD**. If your instance count is greater than 9 nodes, the system defaults to **Provisioned IOPS SSD** on the primary cluster. If you have less than 10 nodes, you can select to switch to the **Provisioned IOPS SSD**, but not the reverse. This will affect your pricing and is reflected in the **Consumption estimates** information. **Provisioned IOPS SSD** is required for multi-node cliques.


Changing to the larger storage option does not incur any downtime.

## Create


When the information is complete, select **Create environment**.

When the new environment is created, it appears in the environment list with the status **Running**.

