
*working on the formatting*

## How do I configure an identity provider?


This is a new section. The Q is a title tag. But must have a p tag *before* the first section.

Go to **Organization** > **Access Management** > **Identity providers**.

**Can I use multiple identity providers?**

Yes. And you can associate each identity provider with one or more realms.

**Can a realm be associated with more than one identity provider?**

No. But you can associate an identity provider with more than one realm.

**How do I get the redirect URI?**

When you configure an identity provider, the redirect URI appears on the **Add provider** page as soon as you enter the **Provider URL**. Remember to add the redirect URI to your identity provider portal.

**Can I rename the default realm?**

Yes. Make it your own.

**Can I move an environment to a different realm?**

Yes. Do this by editing the environment.

**Can I delete an identity provider?**

You can permanently delete an identity provider, but only if it's not associated with a user-created realm. To remove the association between an identity provider and a realm, edit the realm.

**Can I delete the default realm?**

Yes. But users of environments in the default realm will be unable to log in. Be sure to associate the environments with a different realm. Do this by editing the environments. You need at least one realm for each identity provider.

**Can I delete a user-created realm?**

Yes. But users of environments in the realm will no longer be able to log in. Be sure to associate the environments with a different realm. Do this by editing the environments.

