**Note:** Some options may be pre-selected or unavailable in a VantageCloud Lake trial environment.

An organization admin creates the first DBA before proceeding with the database implementation. The DBA can then create databases, tables, users, and other objects in the space it owns.

Additional DBAs can be created by existing DBAs.

**Tip:** For larger systems, create multiple DBA users to share database administration duties.

1.  From an environment, select **Manage access** > **Users**.


1.  Enter the root (DBC user) password.

    The root password belongs to the username DBC and was established when you created the environment. If you have forgotten your password, call your Teradata support representative.


1.  Select **Create** > **Create database admin**.


1.  Enter a **Username**.

    Required limit is 1-128 characters.

    Blank spaces are not allowed.

    Legacy unicode is not allowed.

    A trailing blank space is not considered part of the username.


1.  Create and verify a **Password**.

    When creating the password, follow the default system password controls and site policy.


1.  [Optional] Use the **Advanced options** section to specify the amount of [Permanent space](yvc1731523611301.md) and [Character set](hnk1731523638342.md) for the environment. System defaults are applied when you don’t enter values for the space and characters.


1.  Select **Create**.

    You can optionally select **Select SQL** to view the assigned privileges before creating the database admin user. This is a view-only screen.

    **Note:** The DBA privileges are preset.


