Before you create a realm, you must have at least one [identity provider](whf1680184025148.md) configured.

## What is a realm?


A realm is a way to group users for authentication purposes. Typically, you have multiple realms. A realm might represent a department, such as Finance, Marketing, or Data Services.

An identity provider must have at least one realm. A realm consists of one or more VantageCloud Lake [environments](sbt1640280496980.md). An environment can be in only one realm.

From the menu, select **Home** > **Manage access** then the **Realms** tab.

**Note**: When you add, edit, or delete a realm, several minutes might pass before you see the result.

## Default environment realm


Vantage creates one environment realm automatically for the first identity provider you configure. That is the **Default** realm, but you can change the name. You can create additional realms.

## Restricted groups


Use restricted groups from your identity provider to limit access to the realm.

**Example:** You have two groups in your identity provider: Operations and Research. If you add Research as a restricted group, only users in the Research group can access the environments in the realm. You could create another realm for Operations.

**Important!** Include each restricted group in the [identity provider](whf1680184025148.md) **Groups** claim.

## Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)


You can map the VantageCloud Lake predefined roles to either identity provider groups or database users in the VantageCloud Lake. Make sure that you map all roles, as mapping a subset of roles to both is not supported. See [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=jzo1722836167532.dita&utm_source=console&utm_medium=iph).

## Organization admin realm


Organization admins, by default, are authenticated using the customer data store managed by Teradata. You have the option to have the organization admins authenticated by using the organization's identity provider instead.

When you create an organization admin realm, all existing environment realms automatically become categorized as environment realms.

Only one organization admin realm per organization. If an organization realm already exists, the option is disabled.

---

**Next:**

-   [Associate the realm with environments](jbj1680184191443.md)


-   [Associate realms with an org admin](nfu1744756750773.md)


