An environment is an instance of the Vantage Analytics Database. You can load data into an environment, run queries, view current and historical query data, and manage user access. An environment provides connectivity, compute resources, data protection capabilities, and more.

Depending on your organization's needs, you might have multiple environments.

From the menu, select **Home** and select an environment from the Home page.

## Dashboard


**Note:** Some options may be pre-selected or unavailable in a VantageCloud Lake trial environment.

**Create:** Select an option. Depending on your role and permissions, options may vary.

-   [Create a database administrator](rhw1723830545389.md)


-   [Create database user](wxe1659392685092.md)


**Environment cards:** Indicators for the environment and database status. You can copy the site and account IDs.

**Environment details:** Basic information about your VantageCloud Lake environment such as the support package, instance size, storage total, and environment region.

**Tool connections:** Information for connecting your [tools](pmg1709157026832.md) to the Vantage database and environment, including the option to enable [Open analytics](qvt1726089301895.md).

-   **Connection details:** Build user-and language-specific connection strings to the environment.You'll need your database credentials to connect.


-   **Downloads & drivers:** Find and download tool packages and drivers from Teradata.


**IAM roles:** Copy the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles created for the primary and compute clusters.

**Industry data model:** For Lake+ packages, the data model administrator can load pre-built enterprise data relationships, topic areas, and business rules that are specific to your industry. See [Industry data model](xum1736387837711.md).

