Select from the following search algorithm options:

## Vector distance


Computes similarity or dissimilarity between two vectors in multidimensional space.

## K-means


Groups a large set of observations into k clusters in which each observation belongs to the cluster with the nearest mean (cluster centers or cluster centroid).

Control how many of the most similar vectors are returned per query:

-   Lower values (such as, 5–10) display the most relevant items in a faster response time allowing you to easily scan and respond to the results.


-   Higher values (such as, 50–100) have a slower response time but provide a broader set of results. Good for analytics and downstream processing. This may impact compute cost.

    **Tip:** Start with 10 and adjust value based on user feedback or precision/recall metrics.


## HNSW


The Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) is a graph-based algorithm that performs approximate nearest neighbor searches in vector databases.

Using a multi-layered graph structure, it can search high-dimensional spaces. The top layer has a sparse graph with long-range connections while the lower layers become more dense. Searching starts at the top layer, then moves down through the layers to find the nearest neighbors.

The HNSW function generates the graph using the input data points which is then used by the HNSWPredict function for determining the approximate nearest neighbors for any given input data point. HNSW also supports the following operations for modifying existing HNSW graphs:

-   **Update**

    Insertion of new nodes into an existing HNSW graph.


-   **Delete**

    Removal of nodes from an existing HNSW graph.


