When creating a new project, you can add a new *personal dataset connection* to the project which connects your project to a database with the data for training models. ModelOps admin users who create projects can also add a *service dataset connection* for use with deployments. See [Dataset connections](wkm1725389190945.md).

**Note:** When opening a project without a personal dataset connection, you have the option to add a default personal dataset connection or **Skip** the connection this time.

1.  From the ModelOps dashboard, select **Create project**.


1.  Complete the fields.

    -   Give the project a meaningful **Name** and **Description**.


    -   For VantageCloud Enterprise: Select **Demo** for the project's **Group** to add the project under the specified group.


    -   Specify the link to the Git **Repository** for the project.

        -   For VantageCloud Enterprise: /app/built-in/demo-models


        -   For VantageCloud Lake: [https://github.com/Teradata/modelops-demo-models](https://github.com/teradata/modelops-demo-models)


    -   Select the Git **Credentials** for the project repository.

        ModelOps requires read access to the repository. If the repository is private, you need to provide the credentials.

        -   **No credentials**, when the repository is public.


        -   **Project credentials**, when the repository is private and you provide the credentials (user and password)

        If you select **Use Default Credentials** or **Use Project Credentials**, enter the **Username** and **Password**.


    -   Specify the **Branch** of the Git repository for the project.


1.  [Optional] Select **Test Git connection** to test the connection to the repository.


1.  If you don't plan to use dataset connections with this project, select **Save & continue** > **Save & exit**.


1.  To add a new personal dataset connection for use as the default dataset connection:

    1.  Select **Save & continue**.

        You have the option to select a default personal dataset connection from the drop-down, then select **Next**.


    1.  Select **Add personal connection**.


    1.  Complete the fields. See [Add dataset connection](vpe1725389258480.md) for descriptions.


    1.  Select **Save**.


1.  To save the project without creating a service dataset connection, select **Next** > **Save**.


1.  [ModelOps admin user] To create a service dataset connection:

    1.  Select **Next** on the **Personal dataset connection** tab.


    1.  Select **Add service dataset connection**.


    1.  Complete the fields. See [Add dataset connection](vpe1725389258480.md) for descriptions.


    1.  Select **Save** to save the service dataset connection, then **Save** to save the project.


