## AWS authorization


Each source is a path to an S3 bucket.

When you [provide access to the flow's buckets through an IAM role](wer1691592221683.md), you need the **AWS account ID**. This is the Teradata AWS account for your VantageCloud Lake system. Copy it from the **Create flow** panel.

The **AWS role ARN** identifies the IAM role. Enter it to associate the flow with the role, which has permissions to the flow's source buckets.

Enter the **AWS external ID** you created when creating the IAM role.

## Azure authorization


The following authorization types are supported and can be found in your Azure storage account (only one is required):

-   **Shared Access Signature (SAS) Token** is the NOS authorization object used to access your container for source and manifest files.


-   **Storage account access key and connection string** authenticates Flow service requests to your storage account.


Each source/target configuration in a flow requires two separate storage locations: one for the source data and another for the flow manifest. These locations must be distinct, non-nested, and in the same Storage Account. The required configuration varies based on the use of Hierarchical Namespaces in your Storage Account.

**With Hierarchical Namespaces:**

-   It's possible to use a single storage container for both the source data and the flow manifest, provided they are not stored as subdirectories within each other.


-   Either Storage Account Access Keys or SAS tokens (at the storage account or container level) can be used for authentication.


**Without Hierarchical Namespaces:**

-   Source data and the flow manifest must be placed in separate storage containers.


-   Authentication is restricted to using Storage Account Access Keys or Storage Account-specific SAS tokens.


For more details, see [Creating a Flow Using VantageCloud Lake (Azure)](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=fhd1708636431287).

