
Teradata QueryGrid is a data analytics fabric that provides seamless, high-performing data access, processing, and movement across one or more data sources. Deployment of QueryGrid inside VantageCloud Lake is fully automated. Connecting external systems to VantageCloud Lake requires the setup of a private link outside the VantageCloud Lake environment.

QueryGrid on Vantage supports the following connectivity types:

VantageCloud Lake on AWS:

|Connects to|With connector|
|-----------|--------------|
|VantageCloud Enterprise on AWS*|Teradata-to-Teradata|
|VantageCore (on-premisis)|Teradata-to-Teradata|
|Amazon EMR|-   Teradata-to-Apache Hive-   Teradata-to-Apache Spark|
|Other JDBC-compatible query engines (such as Amazon Redshift)**|Generic JDBC|


*To setup and configure the required PrivateLink endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, open a [PrivateLink change request](yml1671157089031.md) on the VantageCloud Enterprise customer support portal.

**Refer to the QueryGrid Installation and User Guide for driver node requirements.

VantageCloud Lake on Azure:

|Connects to|With connector|
|-----------|--------------|
|VantageCloud Enterprise on Azure*|Teradata-to-Teradata|
|VantageCore (on-premisis)|Teradata-to-Teradata|


*To setup and configure the required PrivateLink endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, open a [PrivateLink change request](yml1671157089031.md) on the VantageCloud Enterprise customer support portal.

Connectivity notes:

-   These connections are configurable through self-service and do not require a Teradata consulting engagement.

-   VantageCloud Lake on AWS supports bi-directional query initiation with VantageCloud Enterprise on AWS and VantageCore (on-premisis) using the Teradata-to-Teradata connector.

-   VantageCloud Lake on Azure supports single-direcional query initiation using the Teradata-to-Teradata connector. Transfers are bi-directional.


## Components


-   Teradata QueryGrid Manager

    Software that enables definition, administration, and monitoring of Teradata QueryGrid.

-   Data Source

    System containing one or more nodes that share the same software platform, such as Teradata system nodes.

-   Bridge

    A system containing a subset of data source nodes or non-data source nodes used to provide connectivity between data sources systems that do not have direct network connectivity.

-   Fabric

    One or more data source nodes, spanning multiple systems, that run a compatible version of Teradata QueryGrid tdqg-fabric software. Only links that involve the Teradata Connector are supported.

-   Connector

    Adapter software that enables data type mapping, conversion, and communication with other connectors in the same Teradata QueryGrid Fabric. The initiating connector is the connector you interact with to start the query and the target connector is the connector that gets triggered on the remote side to do most of the processing of the query. The following connectors are supported:

    VantageCloud Lake on AWS:

        |Connector|Data source|
        |---------|-----------|
        |Teradata-to-Teradata|VantageCloud Enterprise on AWS*VantageCore (on-premisis)|
        |Teradata-to-Apache Hive|Amazon EMR|
        |Teradata-to-Apache Spark|Amazon EMR|
        |Generic JDBC|Other JDBC-compatible query engines (such as Amazon Redshift)**|
    

    *To setup and configure the required PrivateLink endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, open a [PrivateLink change request](yml1671157089031.md) on the VantageCloud Enterprise customer support portal.

    **Refer to the QueryGrid Installation and User Guide for driver node requirements.

    VantageCloud Lake on Azure:

        |Connector|Data source|
        |---------|-----------|
        |Teradata-to-Teradata|VantageCloud Enterprise on Azure*|
        |Teradata-to-Teradata|VantageCore (on-premisis)|
    

    *To setup and configure the required PrivateLink endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, open a [PrivateLink change request](yml1671157089031.md) on the VantageCloud Enterprise customer support portal.

-   Link

    Named configuration that specifies which connectors can communicate with each other and defines rules of data transfer.


## Resources


-   [Teradata® QueryGrid Installation and User Guide](https://docs.teradata.com/search/documents?query=Teradata+QueryGrid+Installation+and+User+Guide&sort=last_update&virtual-field=title_only&content-lang=)

-   [*Teradata® QueryGrid™ Components and Connectors Compatibility Matrix*](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/map?dita:mapPath=wue1554808920847.ditamap)

-   [Management](lzm1640282103875.md)


