User mapping allows users logged on to an initiating system to submit queries as a specific user on the target system. In many cases, user mapping is optional.

In the scenario where you have a Hive or Spark target data source without authorization set up, user mapping is required to run queries. If the user initiating the query does not exist on the target system on an untrusted cluster, queries will not run.

## No authorization


For example, when there is no authorization, if user "Joe" initiates a query using a Teradata-to-Hive link on an unauthorized cluster. Teradata automatically changes the username "Joe" to all uppercase and sends the query as user "JOE" by default to the target system. The following possible outcomes are for this use case when the Hive target connector is not secured:

|Scenario|Requirement|
|---------|------------|
|User "JOE" does not exist on the target system|Queries must be run with an existing user on the target system such as "hive". In this scenario, user mapping is required where "JOE" on the Teradata system is mapped to the user "hive" on the Hive system.|
|User does exist on the target system as "joe"|User mapping is required where "JOE" on the Teradata system is mapped to "joe" on the target Hive system.|
|Does exist on target as "JOE"|This scenario does not require user mapping.|

## With authorization


If the Hive and Spark connectors use a **Kerberos** authentication method, the impersonation of the QueryGrid end-users can be used with a single Kerberos service account. In this scenario, user mapping is required.

With the Hive connector, the impersonated user is passed to the target system using the JDBC property 
    `
    hive.server2.proxy.user
    `
  .

With the Spark connector, the impersonated user is passed to the target system using the spark-submit command parameter **proxy-user**.

In both cases, the impersonated user must be in **Allowed OS users** to run queries on the target system. The Hive or Spark impersonated user can be defined using one of the following options:

|Options|Description|
|--------|------------|
|User on the initiating system(default)|The Teradata system user is passed to the target system as the impersonated user with the username all in lowercase.|
|User mapping|User mapping can define the impersonated user with a case-sensitive username on the target system for any user on the initiating system. A typical use case is when the impersonated username is not all lowercase.|

---

Return to [Connect a data source](znp1640282079399.md)

