**Note:** Some options may be pre-selected or unavailable in a VantageCloud Lake trial environment.

As an organization administrator, you can create environments once your organization is established in VantageCloud Lake.

**Tip:** Refer to the pre-installation sizing exercise done with your Teradata representative to help create your environment.

Each environment contains a **primary cluster**, a group of connected nodes, which serve as the hub for your environment. The **primary cluster** provides connectivity, query planning, and database resources for your users. Your organization may use multiple environments, such as separate environments for different teams in your organization.

You can also optionally create scalable **compute groups** for environments. Compute groups provide resources to specific departments, applications, or projects for separate processing, monitoring, or billing.

When you create an environment, VantageCloud Lake dynamically calculates the estimated consumption in the **Consumption estimates** view on your right so you can see how your selections affect cost as you change the environment settings.

1.  From the **Home** page, select **Create** > **Create environment**.


1.  Select the **Region** closest to your location to build your environment for best performance.

    Available regions are populated the **Region** menu.


1.  Select an **Availability zone** within the region.

    By selecting an available zone that is closest to the environment's location can enhance performance and reduce costs.


1.  Select the service package for the environment.

    -   Lake Premier 24.x cloud support is the basic package for VantageCloud Lake.


    -   Lake+ Premier 24x7 Priority cloud support includes a data mode and accelerated support response times.


