An organization admin or dba manages users. Most VantageCloud Lake users are both Vantage Console users and database users.

From the menu, select **Home** > the environment > **Manage access** > **Users**.

**Important!** VantageCloud Lake [single sign-on](mxq1680183881642.md) does not currently support just-in-time database user provisioning. You must add a new database user to an environment manually. Use the same username that is stored in the identity provider.

## Allow UI sign in


Allow a user to access the VantageCloud Lake console.

## Database settings


**Permanent space** is available based on user needs. Assign permanent storage space to users who create or own databases, tables, and other space-consuming objects. See [Permanent space allocation](https://docs.teradata.com/access/sources/dita/topic?dita:topicPath=zhf1629865350450.dita).

**Character set** can be set to the default character set or you can specify Unicode or Latin for a specific user.

## Compute groups tab


Assign users access to [compute groups](mqu1640280532737.md).

An Admin user can create compute profiles for a compute group and suspend and resume the compute group even if a schedule is defined for it.

A Member can only run workloads on the compute group.

## Roles tab


Roles give a defined set of privileges to users with common privilege requirements.

For minor privilege differences, you can assign additional privileges directly to individual users using the SQL editor.

## Revoke token


Found in an individual user's menu. Revokes the JSON Web Token (JWT). For example, after a user has left the organization, the administrator can immediately revoke any active sessions that are running in the console for that user.

