As an organization admin, you can add an industry data model to your VantageCloud Lake system.

Installing an industry data model provides a blueprint with structures (tables and columns) along with definitions and industry-specific metadata. Once installed, the selected data model creates a database for the specific model and version and runs the DDL to create the fully commented tables and columns in the database.

**Important:** Once you install a data model, it cannot be changed or removed. The selected data model can be applied by an organization admin or a DBA in an environment that has the Lake+ package.

Both the organization admin and DBA must have the data model admin role.

## Organization admin


If there are environments in your organization that have the Lake+ or the Premium support package, a banner is displayed on the Home page stating that an industry data model can be installed.

Go to **Manage access** > **Organization admins** and assign the data model admin role to the organization admin who will decide and install the data model.

**Reminder!** Only one data model can be select and cannot be changed or removed after confirming selection.

The data model admin can review and select one of ten different industry models:

-   Communications


-   Financial services


-   Healthcare


-   Life sciences


-   Manufacturing


-   Media and entertainment


-   Retail


-   Transportation and logistics


-   Travel and hospitality


-   Utilities


## Assign the data model admin


Once an industry data model has been applied to the organization, a data model admin must be assigned in the environment that has the Lake+ or the Premium support package to install the model.

From the environment, go to **Manage access** > **Users** and assign the data model admin role to the DBA who will decide and install the data model to the environment.

The dashboard view for the admin will display a message that the data model is ready to install.

Select **Install**.

Due to the large number of tables and columns, the install may take up to 30 minutes to complete. You can continue to use the console during the installation process.

Once the installation is complete, you can open the editor and browse the tables and columns added by the data model.

