Deployment of QueryGrid inside VantageCloud Lake is fully automated, however connecting to VantageCloud Lake through QueryGrid requires the setup of a dedicated AWS PrivateLink or Azure Private Link endpoint. The following information provides steps on setting up or requesting an endpoint, depending on the connectivity type.

## VantageCloud Enterprise


A private link endpoint must be enabled on the VantageCloud Enterprise systems. To enable an AWS PrivateLink or Azure Private Link endpoint on VantageCloud Enterprise, create a change request through the VantageCloud Enterprise support portal.

1.  Go to [https://support.teradata.com](https://support.teradata.com).


1.  Select **Request a Change**.


1.  Create a change request.


1.  In the request details, enter `"Purpose: Request for creating a VantageCloud Enterprise private link endpoint for QueryGrid"` and provide the following information:

    -   VantageCloud Enterprise SiteID.


    -   Service name of the endpoint service created on the VantageCloud Lake site.


    -   Availability zone ID in which the endpoint service was created on the VantageCloud Lake site.


## VantageCore, EMR, or Generic JDBC


For AWS accounts:

1.  Log in to your Amazon account.


1.  Confirm with your AWS administrator that you have the necessary IAM permissions.


1.  Use the endpoint service name created on VantageCloud Lake to create the interface endpoint.


For Azure accounts:

1.  Log in to your Azure account.


1.  Confirm with your Azure administrator that you have the necessary roles.


1.  Use the endpoint service name created on VantageCloud Lake to create the interface endpoint.


