1.  From the ModelOps dashboard, select the project > **Models** > the model version > **Deploy**.


1.  Select the **Engine type** on the **Select Engine** tab:

    1.  If the **Engine type** is **In-Vantage**:

        -   Select **Next**.


        -   In the **Publish** tab, select the dataset template and dataset connection for the deployment job. In the **Advanced options**, you can choose an **Engine name** and the **Docker image** to be used.

            Select **Next**.


        -   In the **Schedule** tab, no changes required for In-Vantage engine type deployment.


    1.  If the **Engine type** is **Docker**:

        -   Select the **Deployment mode** then select **Next**.


        -   In the **Publish** tab, select the dataset template and dataset connection for the deployment job. In the **Advanced options**, you can choose an **Engine name** and the **Docker image** to be used.


        -   Select **Next**.


        -   In the **Schedule** tab, you can enable or disable scheduling of the deployed model. If the scheduling is enabled, set the scheduling options to run the scoring job.

            -   **Cron**

                Enter a cron expression to define the schedule for the scoring job.


            -   **Manual**

                No scheduling will be specified; you must run the job manually from the Deployment page.


            -   **Run once**

                The scoring job runs once after deployment.


            -   **Time scheduler**

                Set the time schedule according to the time you select from the dropdown (Hourly, Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Yearly).


1.  Select **Deploy**.

    **Deploy details** shows the logs information for the deployment job. You can **Stop** (pause) the progress.

    The **Events** section on the **Logs** tab shows the event progress.


