Welcome to AI Studio, a single stop experience to meet your data and workload needs.

The homepage is your access to the AI Studio experience. From here, you can go to the AI Toolkit, learning resources, personal account settings, and interact with Tera, the AI-powered chat of Teradata.

You can use the left menu to view or move between the features in AI Studio. No matter what task you are performing, the panel is always accessible to take you back to the homepage. You can keep the panel minimized with just the icons showing or select the menu to keep it expanded.

-   [Tera](mxn1772561125368.md). Ask questions about your data, explore datasets, understand schemas, and inspect patterns by using natural language.


-   [Notebooks](rtz1772561128025.md). Seamlessly collaborate with other members of your team by developing models, workflows, and data charts.


-   [Vector store](ycv1772561149578.md). Store and manage your data as vector embeddings for search integration and RAG applications.


-   [ModelOps](ihh1772561045736.md). Create, manage, and run models and put your use cases.


-   [AI model hub](ugc1778495114925.md). Centralize onboarding, access control, and monitoring of foundation models from multiple providers using virtual keys and governed workflows.


-   [Enterprise MCP server](ian1773256449953.md). Connect MCP clients to the Teradata Enterprise MCP Server to query Teradata databases.


-   [Integrations](haf1772561107072.md). Integrate third-party applications to manage projects and train models with ModelOps.


