You can select the Search algorithms and also set search settings from this page.

Based on your selections, you'll see various options.

## FLAT


When you select FLAT, in the Search settings you can continue with the defaults or select required values by disabling Use defaults. You can modify:

**Similarity matches**: Select the number (between 1 to 1024) of similarity matches to generate. Use a low value if you need the most exact matches and also to optimize performance and also reduce costs.

**Similarity threshold**: To consider matching tables and views. It acts as a quality filter, returning only relevant results above a specific similarity score or below a distance value, rather than just the top-\\(k\\) matches.

**General settings**: Select Euclidean, or Cosine, or Dot product.

• **Euclidean**: Computes the similarity using euclidean distance between the vectors.

• **Cosine**: Computes the cosine similarity (normalized dot product) between two vectors. Use it for Text embedding semantic search, document comparison, recommendation systems where magnitude is irrelevant.

• **Dot product**: Computes the similarity between vectors using dot product. Use this where popularity (magnitude) should be ranked higher, or normalized vector searching.

## IVF_FLAT


When you select IVF_FLAT, you can continue with the defaults or select required values by disabling **Use defaults**. You can modify:

**Indexing Settings**: Select the required values, such as, number of clusters to train, number of iterations to run, initial seed value, Centroid initialization algorithm (Random or Kmeans++), and so on. Mainly used to speed up similarity searches by partitioning data into clusters, creating an Approximate Nearest Neighbor (ANN) search rather than an exact, slow scan.

**Search settings**: Select the training cluster to count, similarity matches, and threshold values.

**General settings**: Select Euclidean, or Cosine, or Dot product.

## HNSW


When you select HNSW, you can continue with the defaults or select required values by disabling **Use defaults**. You can modify:

**Indexing settings**: Select the number of layers for the graph, number of node connections, EF construction values, and so on.

**Search settings**: Select the similarity matches and EF search values to use.

**General settings**: Select Euclidean, or Cosine, or Dot product.

