Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) is a methodology that unifies machine learning model development with operational deployment and management. ModelOps is a subset of MLOps that focuses on deploying, monitoring, and managing machine learning models in production environments. It bridges the gap between model development and operational use, ensuring that models integrate reliably into business processes and applications.

AI Studio ModelOps manages the operationalization of advanced analytics in Teradata Vantage.

Additionally, AI Studio ModelOps provides an easy-to-use web-based user interface, a command line interface, and Python or R Software Development Kit (SDK) for deploying and operationalizing advanced analytical models in Teradata Vantage using the Analytics 1-2-3 process.

## Analytics 1-2-3


Analytics 1‑2‑3 is an approach that helps you prepare data, train models, and deploy models on the Vantage platform. The process includes three stages:

**Data preparation**

Use the Teradata platform to prepare VantageCloud Enterprise data for modeling. Connect to VantageCloud Enterprise data sources and apply in‑database functions for integration, exploration, cleansing, and feature engineering.

**Train model**

Use the tools, languages, and libraries that you frequently use. You can train models using frameworks such as SAS, scikit-learn, XGBoost, MLlib, or H2O.

**Deploy model**

Use ModelOps to bring your own model (BYOM) trained externally to Vantage or track the training process. The deployed model runs in Vantage to generate predictions and is monitored throughout its lifecycle.

## Get more help


For detailed, context-sensitive help on ModelOps features, open **ModelOps** from the navigation bar and select the help icon.

